hi I'm Darren chef for customs
specialist for rolling Canada today I'd
like to talk about the new t9 v Tour
Series kids the new t9 k2 and the new TD
9 K x2 is what we've got right here so
let's have a look at some of the
components that are now available with
this kit
the t9 K x2 now comes with the VH 11
hi-hat system this is the system that
came with a TD 12 kit now it's available
with this one it mounts to a traditional
hi-hat stand and is great for feel both
6 and foot action the new Cy 12c is
great too it's a 12 inch dual trigger
crash cymbal has great feel a great
weight and great motion to it over here
we have the new CY 13 arm and it's great
too because it's got a triple trigger
system in it it's got a trigger in the
bail the bow and simple choke as well
now down below we've got the brand new
KD 9 kick trigger system it's got a new
material to it so it's got a deeper feel
and the trigger system is also much
larger too so it's ideal for double kick
playing so that's a quick look at the
new components for the TD 9 KX 2 so
let's have a look at the new features in
the TD 9 module to begin with the TD 9
started out with 50 drum kit patches now
there's a total of 99 altogether add to
that there's 30 more sounds a mix of
kick and snare sounds that are fantastic
and then of course we have USB in the
back but now mp3 compatibility for mp3
playback so let's look at some of the
features that were already existed in
the TT 9 we have the scope feature this
is fantastic
turns the display into a grid so if you
play along with the click it'll place
all your notes in and around my grid
so now I can judge to see if I played
ahead or behind the beat and really just
double-check my feel also we've got
quick record and quick play again this
is ideal one button push and I'm
recording the td9 of course has songs
built into it so the cool thing here is
to find a song that you like and then
press the KITT button and find a kit
that you like and then go ahead and jam
along so now let's have a listen to some
of the songs and listen to some of the
new drum kits listen for the kick and
snare sounds they're pretty cool here's
drum kit number one okay number two is
called funky jazz
hit number three is great it's a heavy
rock hit Neil funk this one's cool is
called jungle with a second hi-hat here
on the mid Tom and I can still control
the sound with a hi-hat pedal here's a
cool pass called stomp so now why don't
we just dial up a song and a get to fit
that phone
we design the future Roland